I am Destin and welcome back to Smarter Every Day. You probably did not know Alabama
has its own museum of natural history. We also have
the only meteorite ever to have touched a human being. Shall we look at it?
He is called the Hodges meteorite. He is 3.8 kilograms and has this
woman hit ... Ann Hodges. It's pretty funny, because she was taking a nap
on the couch when she was suddenly woken up by a very big one
fireball that came through her roof and hit her on her leg.
He first rebounded on the radio, breaking the force.
They did not know whether to make the meteorite the property of the house,
or Mrs Hodges, because it hit her. But the people who owned the house wanted it,
so they went to court. To keep a long story short, she has the meteorite yet
of those people bought. Now it is here in the Alabama Natural History Museum.
So now you know that. The only meteorite that has ever touched a person came before
1954 in Alabama. I'm Destin. You become smarter every day.
Let's cuddle a whale fossil.
Not interested. I will do it.
[WOMAN]: What are you doing? [DESTIN]: Did you know that there were elephants in Alabama?
Come and look at this. That is one
tooth of an elephant. That is called a mastodon (mammoth). [SON]: Mastodon elephant.
[DESTIN]: They used to live in Alabama. Do you believe me?
- Yes - Pretty cool, right?
[Original subtitles by Andrew Jackson] [Translation by Michael Atsma]
Translation to other languages ​​is very popular. Contact Destin if you want to help.